
4.9
https://medium.com/first-round-insiders/the-private-ipo-phenomenon-161fe1efae83

9:00--11:00

The Private IPO Phenomenon
私营公司IPO现象

By Josh Kopelman

The data shared by Tom Tunguz about The Runaway Train of Late Stage Fundraising deserves a lot of attention from investors — both early and late stage — as well as limited partners.

Redpoint Ventures风险投资人汤姆·汤古兹(Tom Tunguz)在他的文章《后期筹款极速列车》（ The Runaway Train of Late Stage Fundraising）一文中列出的数据值得投资者及有限合伙人关注，不管是在投资前期还是后期。


What stood out to me most was that 231 companies raised over $40 million in growth rounds during 2014 alone, while just about 240 VC-backed IT companies went public in the last 10 years. This is astounding.

在他的文章，最吸引我的数据是，单是2014年就有231家公司在成长期筹集超过4000万美元的资金，而过去十年才只有240家风投支持的IT公司上市。这个数据太惊人了！

I don’t think we’ll fully understand or appreciate the impact of the “private IPO” phenomenon for another decade, or at least until a full cycle plays out.
	
我觉得再过十年，我们也没法完全搞懂或者领会“私营IPO”带来的影响，或许至少要经历一个完整的周期才能明白。


In my opinion, there isn’t nearly enough focus on “low frequency trading.” Public companies reprice daily. Private companies don’t have to reprice for years on end.
在我看来，“低频交易”获得的重视还远远不够。上市公司每天都在重新定价，但是私营公司没必要频繁地重新定价。

One key benefit of low-frequency trading in private companies is a long-term focus. It removes arbitrary time constraints on growth and profits.
对私营公司来说，低频交易的主要好处是有助于它们着眼长远目标，避免公司在成长和盈利上受时间随意性的限制。

By relying on private financing events as “comps,” we risk pricing new financings (and creating new unicorns) based on stale valuations.
依靠私人融资活动对比的话，就得依据旧的估值来进行新的融资定价（以及打造新的独角兽公司），这是很冒险的。

If there’s one thing we can learn from the public IPO market, it’s that the VC industry isn’t always good at pricing large companies.
风投产业对大公司的定价不会一直都定得好，这也许是我们唯一能从公共IPO市场上得到的启发。

More than 65% of IPOs in 2011 were underwater before the year was over. And a third of IPOs in 2013 were underwater by the end of that year.

2011年超过65%的IPO期权处于“水下”（underwater, 指期权的执行价格高于股票市价），2013年则有1/3的 IPO期权处于“水下”。

How many “private IPOs” are underwater now? The low frequency of trading in these companies means we won’t know for years.

那么如今有多少“私营IPO”期权是在水下的呢？这些公司的低频交易意味着未来几年我们都无法获得这个数据。


For more insights like these, follow @joshk on Twitter.


